Clarify the reference to "myself" in the readme (#32)
tc39/proposal-js-module-blocks: README.md

# JS Module Blocks

> JS Module Blocks (“module blocks”) are an effort by [Daniel Ehrenberg] and [myself (Surma)][surma]. It is the result of a lot of prior art, most notably [Justin Fagnani]’s [Inline Modules] proposal and [Domenic][domenic denicola]’s and [my][surma] [Blöcks] proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JS Module Blocks (“module blocks”) are an effort by [Daniel Ehrenberg] and [Surma][surma]. It is the result of a lot of prior art, most notably [Justin Fagnani]’s [Inline Modules] proposal and [Domenic][domenic denicola]’s and [Surma][surma]'s [Blöcks] proposal.
```
